Philosophy is the science of truth. Aristotle
Science is what you know. Philosophy is what you don’t know. Bertrand Russell
Don’t explain your philosophy. Embody it. Epictetus
The philosopher’s product is his life. Friedrich Nietzsche
Philosophy teaches us to act, not to speak. Seneca
We have philosophy professors, but no philosophers. Henry David Thoreau
History is philosophy teaching by examples. Thucydides
Philosophy is trying to make sense of what doesn’t. Maxime Lagacé
Astonishment is the root of philosophy. Paul Tillich
Every man bears the whole stamp of the human condition. Michel de Montaigne
Be a philosopher but, amid all your philosophy be still a man. David Hume
We are too weak to discover the truth by reason alone. Augustine of Hippo
The best philosophy of life I’ve found is this: just keep going. Maxime Lagacé
To philosophize is to learn how to die or to rise to divinity. Karl Jaspers
Real philosophy is to learn to see the world again. Maurice Merleau-Ponty
To have no time for philosophy is to be a true philosopher. Blaise Pascal
If a man’s good for nothing else, he can at least teach philosophy. William James
A good philosopher makes a bad citizen. Napoleon Bonaparte
Behavior is a mirror in which everyone shows his image. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
The endpoint of philosophy is childlike wonder. James Pierce (Source)
The ones who let go are the ones who stay sane. Maxime Lagacé
To be human is above all to be sensitive. Alan Watts
It’s ok to not have a strong opinion on everything. Zuby
Desire, fundamentally, is a response to a feeling of incompleteness. James Pierce
The right philosophy is the one that will make you move forward. Maxime Lagacé
There is no statement so absurd that no philosopher will make it. Cicero
There are no uninteresting things, only uninterested people. G.K. Chesterton
Read philosophy. It is not for the old, but for the young to learn how to live. Thibaut
Inner peace is the final stage of philosophy. Maxime Lagacé
To become a philosopher, start by walking very slowly. Nassim Nicholas Taleb
The desire to belong often overpowers the desire to improve. James Clear
